---
title: Rust Forge 2025 CfP
slug: 2025-cfp
excerpt: Submit your session to the conference.
description: Call for ( Papers | Participation | Projects ) to Rust Forge 2025, a tech conference happening in Wellington New Zealand.
date: 2025-03-10
---

## Call for ( Papers | Participation | Projects )

Would you like to present a talk or show people around your project's code? Then you should submit a session proposal to Rust Forge Conf 2025:

- Submit a proposal -> https://pretalx.com/rust-forge-2025/cfp  
- Request advice    -> <a href="mailto:speak@rustforgeconf.com">speak@rustforgeconf.com</a>


### Submitting a draft is a good idea

You are welcome to submit an incomplete idea today that you finish later on. We'll send you pre-review feedback and you can continue to expand on your draft as the programme is developed.


### Soft deadline: 1 May

There's bo hard deadline, but the schedule will be designed from 1st May 2025. This is to ensure that there is enough time for visas and travel to be sorted out for those people that need them.


### We welcome new speakers

One of the conference's aims is to be become a platform for new voices, not just to create another platform for very well known players in the Rust ecosystem.


### Event format

There are two major parts of Rust Forge, the co-creation days and the conference.
The conference is a fairly traditional single-track conference. Both are equally important and you can use the form to submit ideas to both of them. 

- The co-creation days are an unconference. They provide a space to share people through your code. 
- The conference provides an opportunity to deliver a presentation and reach a wide audience.


### Reimbursement Policy

We request that contributors who are able to pay for themselves, or have their employer cover their expenses, to pay for themselves. This will allow us to prioritise financial support to who require it.

This policy is in place because we are offering low prices for delegates, yet face significant overheads. 

We're happy to treat self-funding as event sponsorship. If your costs reach the Spark or Ember levels, please let us know and we can discuss acknowledging your or your employer's financial contribution to the event.


### Thank you!

We're so excited to see your proposals come in. Thank you very much for offering to share your knowledge, expertise and excitement to the world.

<div class="spacing-medium">&nbsp;</div>

Ngā mihi nui; kia maia; kia kaha  
Best regards; be brave; be bold  

Tim McNamara (timClicks)  
~ Conference Host, Rust Forge Conf 2025  

<div class="spacing-medium">&nbsp;</div>

----

_Rust Forge Conf 2025 is a tech conference for developers building with the Rust programming language hosted in Wellington, New Zealand from 27-30th August 2025. The conference is presented by Accelerant, a consultancy supporting teams to adopt Rust._

----
